I dream that I fly at ground level, very often. 
So much that in that space of the unconscious it is as if I had that gift. 
That talent. The constant possibility. 
Very very recently, I discovered that it was a dream. 
An Intermediate space.
There was a change in institutionality. 
It was a little rural place in which we were in a small town or village in the south, something of the countryside, something of Valdivia. It changed the cultural institution, someone resigned and a radical change would come. Everyone began to speculate about the changes they would like to happen and verbalized them. I remember that it was CJ and that he say that perhaps someone would rebel against the institutionality and would take a more wild way. I told him that I did not believe that, with all the effort that had been made and was doing to build something framed in the community and society, it was not the time to release it. All efforts were being made. I was beginning to think what I wanted. I was thinking about fiction, we were walking around the town thinking about what  would we like. My mom was involved in something cultural, my father did not but they told me that they had been offered some cultural charge, it was not to be a minister but something like that. I thought he was old. I liked the idea, of him getting into something institutional and cultural, he would have to understand and open up to that. We walked through some pastures with some americans who were in charge of some scriptwriting and project development programs that I was postulating, we made friendship, gave tips. We talked about project development and I felt close to everything. I thought that knowing them would be easier to access everything. After we were returning from the walk and everyone began to raise their wishes with banners and everything, it seemed that there would be strikes, etc. We went through a large, old house, like a restaurant or something, Paz talked to the waiter and told him that she was coming to wash the black cows now. It was fun, the black cows were porcelain dishes with cows. We laughed, we both stayed there, I accompanied her, with humor. I had the fiction, I imagined it would start in the stories. The most interesting thing was what was happening inside ki, the reflections that occurred, the beauty the magic of the moment, of the place. It was weird because I felt close to Cristian Jimenez, but not sexually, it was something like the story, or the unconscious, and maybe a bit intellectual, but it was not much, it was a bit, but it was present. It was like creating a new cultural institution. 
The song I sang when I was on his shoulders, was 'If you want I'll get you, if you want I can find you, but baby ... do not hurt my heart' of the argentine GIT. Then I crossed the river, I had to go to the other side, I was very determined. When crossing, from the river began to emerge a kind of white spots, as of foam but more solid, also the feet were beginning to bury me in the mud, it was difficult to cross, more difficult than it was seen, but I was obstinate to cross, decisive, clear. April 7, 2016. The first part of the dream is more wear. We are in a house, with Diana, her mother dies and Diana leaves her body there, covered with a white sheet. And we go, we have to go and we go. Something happens that I go back to the place, I do not know if before or after the death. Then it is the funeral, they found the body and they give it grave. This whole family that does not…
3:00 a.m. There is a plan that I have for something important. 
It is night, I am bird, or person, and person, but I can fly. I cross this room, it is clandestine, I am hidden from other people. I cross the great shed, full of large trees, and. There are forest areas in it, one is on the left side at the end. The plan is to cross and get up into a tree on the left side and wait there. Maybe there opens something that leads to another place. At night. I already tried the plan and it worked, it took me to talk to some people. Then I am at the entrance of my apartment with Joaquin, even the department is another, there is a concierge. I am starting a trip and someone leave me an envelope that says I can not go, I have a debt of one thousand dollars, of an amount of 45 thousand, aprox. (Something like that is the numbers). I owe an amount that is not so great, but I am distressed because I can not afford it. With Joaquin we worked out a plan so that I could go out anyway. It's a little distressing for me. Then I have to cross that shed, it is night, it is empty, I start to walk, or fly, it is clandestine, no one has to see me. Even though it is good it is like clandestine, it is like being transgressing to law, a code, something. But it's good, it's what needs to be done and I do it. Suddenly a man enters the room. When I fly, I remember the plan of the tree and climb up, to the left, there is much stillness there, a night silence. I woke up. I'm not alone in all this. I am like an owl, or an owl accompanies me, or teaches me. It is, it is it´s night, it’s silence, it’s place."
Today I had this dream. I think it is my first New York's dream, or my first dream about New York. I was in a beach, a huge great beach. It was so huge, and open, there was a lot of people but they were not together, each were exploring the ocean. Because at the end it was not the beach, it was the hole ocean there. I started to walk inside the sea. It was amazing, I felt so free, and so creative and curious, and I keep walking, or maybe swimming, I don't remember. But I do remember the emotion. It was beautiful, but suddenly I started  to realized I was being carried by the current, I had no control. I was going in and in driven by a very strong energy from the sea, and the current goes one way and the other, and I kept walking , or swimming, and i had no way to come back. And some people was drowning, or at least sunk under the water. I could watch them. My mom was there. I waked up. The feeling was wear, beauty, no control, strength forces from the nature, going in an in, lost. Etc.  Beautiful strong dream.